docs: mention clean command in add new lang docs (#48191)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-enable-new-languages.md

Once these are in place, you should be able to run `npm run develop` to view your translated version of freeCodeCamp.

> [!TIP]

> > if you ran an English development environment, gatsby may stored English LearnUI string. This will stop it from using your desired langauge LearnUI strings in `.env`, to remove the strings from previous environment use `npm run clean-and-develop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you build the client in one language and then want to build it in a different language, Gatsby will cache the first language. To see the client in the new language, after changing the `.env` file, use `npm run clean-and-develop`.
```
